Final Scene

(Elizabeth is lying in hospital bed. Nurse opens door)
Nurse: Ms. Page, you have a visitor.
(Nurse gives Elizabeth a smile, which Elizabeth returns. John walks in)
Elizabeth: Hi, John.
John: Elizabeth, I love you.
Elizabeth: I love you too, honey, what's wrong?
John: I was talking to Dr. Oliver. He handed me the form for my permission to pull the plug.
Elizabeth: Sign them.
John: What?
Elizabeth, John, these last 6 months have been the best of my life. It was like we fell in love again. I don't ever 
remember seeing you more- in my life. I've had a long enough life. I'm ready. I've been thinking about this for the past 
week.
I've made up my mind, John. Sign the papers. 
John: I'm not sure I'm ready, though. You're right. It's been wonderful. I want to enjoy that till the very end. 
Elizabeth: I've been sitting in a hospital bed for the last month feeling horrible. Let me go, John. I'll love you, and 
I'll never stop, but you need to let me go, John.
John: I love you, too. So much.
Elizabeth: John. I need to tell you something. Why I didn't tell you I had cancer.
John: That's not important anymore.
Elizabeth: Damnit, John, it is and you know it! We need closure before this all ends! I didn't tell you because I 
thought you would actually do what you had been telling me you would. I thought you would leave me. We were at a 
rough patch in life, our marriage, everything had been wrong since we found out I was infertile. I thought if you 
knew your wife was terminally ill, you would pack your stuff and leave. I was going to tell you, but you found out
before I had the chance. I couln't have risked you leaving until I had the chance to make things better. 
John: I never would have, Elizabeth, you know that!
Elizabeth: I didn't know that then. Don't let this be a fight. I'm just telling you the truth because you deserve the 
truth, and you deserve it before it's too late. Now sign the papers. 
John: Now?
Elizabeth: I'm ready.
(John picks up the clipboard, flips to the proper page, and signs his signature.)
John: Are you sure about this?
Elizabeth: Completely.
John: I'll be right back.
( John leaves, and returns a moment later. 2-3 nurses come in and shut off all machines, except the vital sign moniters.
The Nurses leave)
John: I'll stay with you till it's all over.
Elizabeth: I know, baby, I know.
THE END


